Tetris_v2/README.md, before:

## Draft project description

TelerikAcademy Season 8 (2016-2017)

JavaScript DOM & UI: Teamwork Assignment

## Team Porto.Flip

# TETRIS GAME

This document describes the teamwork assignment for Telerik Academy students in JavaScript UI & DOM course

| Team member         | Username     |
| -------------       | :------:     |
| Daniel Mitkov       | boda66       |
| Kristian Ekov       | KristianEkov |
| Nadezhda Hristova   | nhristova    |
| Nadya Vassileva     | nadeto13     |
| Nikolay Stanchev    | nikist96     |
| Pavel Purlantov     | purlantov    |
| Sevdalin Zheliazkov | irrealizable |

##   Project Description

The project is the classic **Tetris game**

Live preview of application:
[Tetris_v2 (RawGit)](https://rawgit.com/purlantov/Team-Porto.Flip-TA-2017/master/Tetris_v2/index.html)

*Game controls:* Button New game (F2), button Pause (Esc); arrow keys shift piece left or right, rotate or speed up fall; Space bar lands the piece to the bottom.

*Functionalities:* New game, piece rotation, piece vertical movement, checks for collisions, clearing of filled rows, preview next piece, score counter,  pause, game over.

*Styling:* The game pieces have a retro look with gradient borders overlay and basic colors.

##  General

DONE:
- **HTML5 canvas**
- Animations: implemented in movement and rotation of pieces
- Tested on browsers:
    - Google Chrome

TO TEST & FIX:
- IExplorer 11 - canvas size buggy, buttons don't wokr
- Firefox
- Opera
- Safari

##  Additional

Followed best practices for high-quality code:

-   **Correct naming**
-   ES 2015 syntax where possible
-   **GIT** as source control system [Team-Porto.Filip-TA-2017](https://github.com/purlantov/Team-Porto.Flip-TA-2017)
-   Teamwork tool used - Slack

TO REVIEW:
-   **Data encapsulation** -   Use of modules
-   **Strong cohesion** and **loose coupling**

##  Optional

-   DOM manipulations (native DOM API): implemented in display of next piece and game control buttons

TO DO:
-   Unit and integration testing
-   Backward compatibility (make the application usable on browsers like IE8, IE7 and IE6)

##  Deliverables

TO DO:
-   Brief video (2-3 mins) of application
-   Upload it to [YouTube](https://youtube.com)

TO DO:
-   Upload project in http://best.telerikacademy.com
    -   A brief description of application
    -   Link the video in the description


##  Public Project Defense

TO DO: TEST RUN (10 minutes max):
  -   Demonstrate the application (very shortly)
  -   Show the source code
  -   Show the commits logs to confirm that team member have contributed.
  -   Optionally - prepare a presentation (3-4 slides)

  -   *(Describe organisation & planning process, tasks distributions)*

Commit message:

Elaborated description with sound & best score

Tetris_v2/README.md, after:

## Draft project description

TelerikAcademy Season 8 (2016-2017)

JavaScript DOM & UI: Teamwork Assignment

## Team Porto.Flip

# TETRIS GAME

This document describes the teamwork assignment for Telerik Academy students in JavaScript UI & DOM course

| Team member         | Username     |
| -------------       | :------:     |
| Daniel Mitkov       | boda66       |
| Kristian Ekov       | KristianEkov |
| Nadezhda Hristova   | nhristova    |
| Nadya Vassileva     | nadeto13     |
| Nikolay Stanchev    | nikist96     |
| Pavel Purlantov     | purlantov    |
| Sevdalin Zheliazkov | irrealizable |

##   Project Description

The project is the classic **Tetris game**

Live preview of application:
[Tetris_v2 (RawGit)](https://rawgit.com/purlantov/Team-Porto.Flip-TA-2017/master/Tetris_v2/index.html)

*Game controls:* Button New game (F2), button Pause (Esc); arrow keys shift piece left or right, rotate or speed up fall; Space bar lands the piece to the bottom. Page buttons - ? for how to play and ♫ for muting sound.

*Functionalities:* New game, piece rotation, piece horizontal and vertical movement, checks for collisions, clearing of filled rows, preview next piece, change game speed levels, count score, save best score,  pause, game over.

*Styling:* The game pieces have a retro look with gradient borders overlay and basic colors.

##  General

DONE:
- **HTML5 canvas**
- Animations: implemented in movement and rotation of pieces
- Tested on browsers (latest versions):
    - Google Chrome
    - Firefox
- OTHER BROWSERS TO TEST ON:
    - IExplorer 11 - canvas size buggy, buttons don't work
    - Opera
    - Safari

##  Additional

Followed best practices for high-quality code:

-   **Correct naming**
-   ES 2015 syntax where possible
-   **GIT** as source control system [Team-Porto.Filip-TA-2017](https://github.com/purlantov/Team-Porto.Flip-TA-2017)
-   Teamwork tool used - Slack

AREAS FOR IMPROVEMENT:
-   **Data encapsulation** -   Use of modules
-   **Strong cohesion** and **loose coupling**

##  Optional

-   DOM manipulations (native DOM API): implemented in display of next piece and game control buttons

TO DO:
-   Unit and integration testing
-   Backward compatibility (make the application usable on browsers like IE8, IE7 and IE6)

##  Deliverables

TO DO:
-   Brief video (2-3 mins) of application
-   Upload it to [YouTube](https://youtube.com)

TO DO:
-   Upload project in http://best.telerikacademy.com
    -   A brief description of application
    -   Link the video in the description


##  Public Project Defense

TO DO: TEST RUN (10 minutes max):
  -   Demonstrate the application (very shortly)
  -   Show the source code
  -   Show the commits logs to confirm that team member have contributed.
  -   Optionally - prepare a presentation (3-4 slides)

  -   *(Describe organisation & planning process, tasks distributions)*
